DEVELOPMENT.md, before:

e2tools development notes
=========================

This file contains a few notes for developers contributing to `e2tools`.


Source code standards
=====================

To be determined for e2tools:

   * C language standard
   * C standard library requirements
   * C sourcecode formatting rules


Release checklist
=================

This checklist outlines some basics for tagging a release on
Github. Update the list when you run into and solved issues, such as
how to properly release "make dist" generated tarballs using Github.

  * Is the `AUTHORS` file up to date?

  * Does the `NEWS.md` summarize all user visible changes?

  * Does `configure.ac` `AC_INIT` contain the correct version number?

  * Does the first line of `NEWS.md` contain the correct version number?

  * Does `make clean && make check` run?

  * Does `make distcheck` run?

  * Do the `git commit` and `git push` to the master branch on github.

  * Wait for Travis CI to finish building successfully. If the build
    fails, investigate and fix the problem.

  * Enjoy the [github releases web
    interface](https://github.com/e2tools/e2tools/releases):

      * Tag `e2tools` release `1.2.3` as `v1.2.3` beginning with the `v`.

      * Summarize the changes since the last release in the release
        notes, formatting it properly usign Github flavoured
        Markdown. `NEWS.md` will come in handy here.

      * Upload the release tarball generated by `make distcheck` by
        attaching it to the Github release in the web interface. If
        that upload fails, make sure NoScript is not blocking some
        special Github release specific Javascript code.

  * Update the https://e2tools.github.io/ web page to point to the new
    Github release.

  * If necessary, adapt this release checklist and commit the updated
    `DEVELOPMENT.md` file.

  * Add a new heading to `NEWS.md` with the next release like
    `e2tools-1.2.x`, then `git commit` and `git push`.

Commit message:

Run doxygen on "make all" for e2tools
Adapt Doxyfile and the doxygen calls for e2tools, so that
we can call doxygen on "make all".

Undocumented items in the code will only generated doxygen warnings,
not doxygen errors.

We can enable doxygen errors later, *after* we have finished
documenting all the code.

DEVELOPMENT.md, after:

e2tools development notes
=========================

This file contains a few notes for developers contributing to `e2tools`.


Source code standards
=====================

To be determined for e2tools:

   * C language standard
   * C standard library requirements
   * C sourcecode formatting rules


Developer goodies
=================

doxygen generated internal code documentation
---------------------------------------------

If you want to see doxygen generated internal code documentation on
the e2tools source code, you can install doxygen (and probably
Graphviz as well) and run

    make dox

to find the internal code documentation in HTML format at the `html/`
subdirectory.


Release checklist
=================

This checklist outlines some basics for tagging a release on
Github. Update the list when you run into and solved issues, such as
how to properly release "make dist" generated tarballs using Github.

  * Is the `AUTHORS` file up to date?

  * Does the `NEWS.md` summarize all user visible changes?

  * Does `configure.ac` `AC_INIT` contain the correct version number?

  * Does the first line of `NEWS.md` contain the correct version number?

  * Does `make clean && make check` run?

  * Does `make distcheck` run?

  * Do the `git commit` and `git push` to the master branch on github.

  * Wait for Travis CI to finish building successfully. If the build
    fails, investigate and fix the problem.

  * Enjoy the [github releases web
    interface](https://github.com/e2tools/e2tools/releases):

      * Tag `e2tools` release `1.2.3` as `v1.2.3` beginning with the `v`.

      * Summarize the changes since the last release in the release
        notes, formatting it properly usign Github flavoured
        Markdown. `NEWS.md` will come in handy here.

      * Upload the release tarball generated by `make distcheck` by
        attaching it to the Github release in the web interface. If
        that upload fails, make sure NoScript is not blocking some
        special Github release specific Javascript code.

  * Update the https://e2tools.github.io/ web page to point to the new
    Github release.

  * If necessary, adapt this release checklist and commit the updated
    `DEVELOPMENT.md` file.

  * Add a new heading to `NEWS.md` with the next release like
    `e2tools-1.2.x`, then `git commit` and `git push`.
